How to make cottage cheese curry recipe
1. First soak 12 to 15 cashews in hot water for 30 minutes.

cashews for paneer curry recipe
2. When the cashews are soaking, roughly chop 2 large tomatoes, 1 large onion, 1 inch ginger and 6 to 7 small to medium garlic cloves. Crush the ginger and garlic to a paste in mortar-pestle.

ingredients for paneer curry recipe
3. In a blender jar or grinder jar, take the chopped onions.

onions for paneer curry recipe
4. Without adding any water grind to a smooth paste. remove the onion paste in a bowl and keep aside.

onion paste to make paneer curry recipe
5. to the same grinder jar, add chopped tomatoes. Also add the soaked cashews.

cashews to make paneer curry recipe
6. Again without adding any water, grind both tomatoes and cashews to a smooth paste. Keep the jar aside.

kaju paste to make paneer curry recipe
Making masala for paneer curry
7. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in a thick bottomed pan or kadai. add the onion paste.

making paneer curry recipe
8. On a low flame begin to saute the onion paste. Keep on stirring often while sauteing the onion paste. Be careful while adding onion paste as it splutters.

making paneer curry recipe
9. Saute till the onion paste becomes light golden or golden.

making paneer curry recipe
10. Then add the crushed ginger-garlic paste. If using ready ginger-garlic paste, then add 1 teaspoon of it.

ginger paste for paneer curry recipe
11. Stir and saute till the raw aroma of ginger-garlic goes away.

preparing paneer curry recipe
12. Now add the tomato+cashews paste. be careful as the mixture can splutter.

preparing paneer curry recipe
13. Mix everything very well and begin to saute the masala on a low flame.

preparing paneer curry recipe
14. While the masala is getting sauteed, add 1.5 cups water in the grinder jar. Swirl the jar so that the tomato paste at the sides and at the bottom get mixed with the water. If you want you can even run the mixer once, so that everything gets mixed well. Keep aside.

preparing paneer curry recipe
15. Saute the onion-tomato-cashew masala till you see some fat releasing from the sides. The masala will also become glossy. Stir often while sauteing the masala.

masala for making paneer curry recipe
Making paneer curry
16. Then add ¼ teaspoon turmeric powder, ½ teaspoon red chilli powder, ½ teaspoon coriander powder and ½ teaspoon garam masala powder.

spices for making paneer curry recipe
17. Mix the spice powders very well.

spices for making paneer curry recipe
18. Add 1 or 2 slit green chilies.

chilies for making paneer curry recipe
19. Add the water which was mixed with the leftover tomato+cashew paste in a grinder jar.

water for making paneer curry recipe
20. Season with salt.

salt for making paneer curry recipe
21. Add 1 tablespoon chopped coriander leaves.

coriander for paneer curry recipe
22. On a low to medium flame, simmer the gravy till it thickens a bit and you see oil specks on top.

paneer curry recipe, cottage cheese curry



23. Then add paneer cubes. 200 grams paneer which have been cut in cubes or squares.

paneer for cottage cheese curry recipe
24. Add ½ teaspoon kasuri methi (dry fenugreek leaves), which has been crushed. Mix well and cook for a minute.

paneer for cottage cheese curry recipe



25. Then add 2 tablespoons low fat cream.

cream for cottage cheese curry recipe
26. Mix the cream very well with the rest of the cottage cheese curry. Switch off the flame. Check the taste of cottage cheese curry and add more salt if required. You can also add ¼ to ½ sugar at this step. Just mix very well.

cottage cheese curry recipe, paneer curry recipe



27. Serve paneer curry garnished with chopped coriander leaves accompanied with chapatis, parathas, naan or tandoori rotis or steamed rice or cumin rice.
